That's really made by the boss
No evidence in the absence of evidence over the years
Every Time
After New China was defeated by my ex-wife
It can always be detected quickly
It's a habit.
Now I understand
It turned out that my son was helping them make a comeback
Father, what do you think?
After all, he is my eldest son
I want to give him one
A chance to confess leniency
It's all up to the father
I will tomorrow
I will make you a prince
Don't let me down
Don't let down the powerful Dawn people
The son will definitely live up to the trust of his father
Jin Zhe
Do you know why I gave you this name?
The mother told the son-in-law
The son-in-law was born in Kim Chol-il
So it was named Jingzhe
That's one of them.
What is Meridian?
Time to Meridian
The temperature is warming up
Spring thunder
All things recover
This is my wish for you
I hope you are like the day of the apocalypse
Welcome a new look for my big money
son ashamed
Reach the expectation of protecting the emperor for you
What do you think of 13?
The Thirteen Emperors are intelligent
Of course I can't wait
13 is really brave
Take over the household in just ten days
The huge deficit in the treasury was found
Sin of father and son